Allow custom model names for rsmsummarize (#263)
EducationalTestingService/rsmtool: doc/tutorial_rsmsummarize.rst

- **Line 2**: We provide the ``summary_id`` for the comparison. This will be used to generate the name of the final report. 
- **Line 3**: We give a short description of this comparison experiment. This will be shown in the report.
- **Line 4**: We also give the list of paths to the directories containing the outputs of the experiments we want to compare.

> - **Line 5**: Since all experiments we want to compare used the same experiment ids (``ASAP2``), we list the names that we want to use for each experiment in the summary report. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Line 5**: Since we want to compare experiments that all used the same experiment id (``ASAP2``), we instead list the names that we want to use for each experiment in the summary report. 
```
